# Pythonclass

1.	Please describe in detail the methods and tools you have used to image PC's, laptops and/or Surfaces including the difficulties you frequently encountered and how you resolved them focusing on Windows 10 imaging. Also, identify how you streamlined your process to maximize efficiency and ensure images were kept up to date. Please also address your experience imaging devices with a built-in cell card, any issues and the resolutions.
2.	Describe your experience managing the device life cycle from procurement to disposal, including inventory and maintenance of end user device hardware and software? Please provide specific examples of the tools, processes, and procedures you have utilized to manage the process accurately for all inventory (desktops, laptops, Surfaces and cell phones), challenges you have faced, and your methodology for addressing those challenges. Please discuss how you handled major transitions such as Windows 10 to Windows 11.
3.	In a team environment, you must work with others to achieve your goals. Describe how you worked with, and lead others, to complete a large-scale projects involving device deployment, device upgrades, or some other end user device project of substantive scope. Please identify what you found to be difficult working with, and leading others, and how you addressed these challenges.
4.	Please describe your experience in relation to User account management, including but not limited to account creation, licensing, and onboarding/offboarding, and deactivation. Please include the tools you used, the processes you used and the importance of account life cycle. Please describe in detail the tools and processes you have used to resolve comprised devices.
5.	Please describe your experience with customer service as it pertains to providing IT support. How do you ensure that excellent customer service is being provided? How do you resolve situations where the customer has unrealistic expectations regarding the desired outcome? How do you balance your responsibilities to maintain infrastructure with customer service needs?
